# Glove80
Hello! This repo will contain everything that I own that is related to the Glove80 keyboard.

## Background Info  
I am currently 20 years old, aspiring to major in Computer Science in University, and have a career in tech. As such, this would mean majority of my life would be sat/stood in front of a desk and a computer as I hack away lines of code in my favourite code editor. Thus, I decided to make a not-dumb decision by investing early into an ergonomic setup to prevent health problems down the line. This was particularly inspired after reading accounts made by many professional software engineers who started facing wrist/shoulder/back pains after many hours of late night coding.

For context, I used to own a Logitech G915 TKL mechanical keyboard. I bought that when I was around 17-18, and had no idea that ergonomic - or any non-mechanical, really - keyboards existed. I bought the G915 because RGB hurrdurr and it was marketed towards gamers, which was I identified as one at that time.

I very quickly discovered that if I were to rest my palm onto my desk and type away for more than 30 minutes, my wrist would start to feel uncomfortable and not at ease. It was a comfortable posture for my back and shoulders, but my wrist definitely felt like there would be problems down the line. Hence, I sub-consciously started to float my palm everytime I type. This **alleviated all my wrist problems** - at the cost of worsened shoulder posture.

On some random day, while watching a Tech Youtuber, I noticed that he was using a split keyboard. At first I thought it just looked strange and gimmicky, but as I put more thought into it, I started to come to the opposite conclusion - standard mechanical keyboards *are the ones that are strange and gimmicky!* After all, why would you squeeze your hands together and cause all sorts of wrist pains, when you could just, I don't know, don't?

Long story short, I went down the rabbit hole of split keyboards - I must of read thousands of reviews on Reddit, YouTube comments, Hacker News from satisfied/unsatisfied users of split keyboards. From Moonlander, to the Voyager, to the Kinesis Advantage, there were many choices of Ergonomic Keyboards, and with a hefty price tag, I had to do my due diligence and research all split ergonomic keyboards thoroughly. I knew that getting the right keyboard for me was super crucial - buy a good one ("endgame keyboard", as the custom keyboard enthusiasts call it) and I will have a great typing experience that will fix my wrist, shoulder and back woes; buy a not-as-good one, and not only will my wallet feel significantly lighter, but my wrist would also find my wallet significantly heavier to hold. This is a huge risk to undertake, as finding the "perfect" keyboard for myself is very hard if I don't get to try it myself physicall before purchasing - a luxury that does not exist for such niche ergonomic keyboards.

I eventually narrowed down my choices to Defy Dygma and Glove80, and ultimately decided on Glove80 as I was ultra focused on the ergonomics factor, which reviews across the board claimed that the Glove80 is the undisputed champ in this regard.

With that being said, is this my end-game? Well, it certainly is far too early to tell. So far, the ergonomics is definitely king - I feel like I'm typing on a cloud; I don't have to float my wrist, hence my shoulders feel more relaxed when I type, and yet my wrist feels perfectly fine too. However, the keyboard is not without its flaws in other areas. I discuss more about the keyboard's pros and cons from my own experience in the reviews page. 

Hopefully, this repo will help anyone who was just as clueless as 20 year old me decide on how to conquer their quest to a more ergonomic workflow. I believe that - regardless of your age - investing into ergonomics is the best form of insurance for those working in tech. However, despite ergonomic keyboards being around for many years now, and a heavy community of enthusiasts behind it, mass adoption has yet to begun. Perhaps one day in the not-too-distant future this changes, and all your co-workers will be typing away on a Glove8000. For now, my Glove80 continues to cushion my punches into my keyboard.